Yes, Lord
I took your momma to Yard House, I took her to Yard House
I took your momma to Graystone, we got in with no problems
I bought us tickets to Keith Sweat, it was live at Pechanga
Look, I took your momma to Oxnard
We went surfin' on longboards
Like I hopped on the stage
I hopped off the stage, and got right on the plane
I know it's a tent, but I'm bringin' out Dre
I'm bringin' out K, I'm bringin' out TIP
I'm lookin' 3 Stacks in the face
I'm with the Free Nationals, what more can I say?
This shit is a trip
Lemonade, Lemonade, baby I'm faithful, what more can I say?
I'm fuckin' the Fleshlight to cope with the pain
What more can I say?
She staring and wavin' (git!)
I'm lookin' the other way
My mind on my paper, I don't like to slay her
But she Asian and thick so I might have to slay
(Grrrrraah!)
Chop suey for the sidepiece, sushi for the main
(Git)
Look how far we came, Tequila with the lime
(Wow) Ginger with the taste
I waited, I waited, I waited (git!) I waited
I waited, I waited, I waited, I waited
I got in line (Grrrrraah!)
I did some records with Dre, I got my feet in the game
In one year I changed it, you nigga's is late (Hiiigh!)
My son is amazin', he look Korean but he dance like MJ
He only in Pre-K, this... (Grrrrrrah!, git, heyyy)
You say... you say you fucked a Fleshlight?
I fuckin'... to cope with the pain bro
Bro, that's amazing (git)
Lemonade, Lemonade
It's amazing (Grrrrraaaah!)
I fucked a bunch of Fleshlights
(Git, git, git, git)
New crib, doesn't got a driveway
Still pullin' out when I'm fuckin' by the fireplace
Bitch that I'm with used to fuck around with Gosling
I don't like to think about it, shit is so exhaustin'
Kissin' on your baby like the boy a politician
Spittin' out tough shit, overcooked chicken
Hoppin' out the Lyft, no tippin', I'm rich
So sick, getting' blown, I'm just makin' a wish
Old boy gotta show out
Only thing that you and I alike is they pronouns
Girls tryna go out, white like a snowout
Hair so straight, no blow out
Touchdown score, no toe out
Run around the telly bein' loud as fuck
The maid stop comin' back, turn down for what?
The name hotter than a mothefuckin' crowded bus
That Lil Dicky got Double-XL, what?
Brrrrrat
Do it, do it!
(Grrrrraaah!)